hello and welcome back to learn English
with
Minecraft this is a series where I teach
English while trying to beat
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground up so as you can
tell by reading the title of this
video I am going to the nether in the
last video I built a nether
portal a another
portal this is the nether portal that I
built in the last video and in this
video I'm going through the portal to
explore the nether but first I have one
little thing that I want to do let's go
back upstairs to the chest
room and let's eat some
potatoes so before I go to the nether
first I'm going to pick up some bones
from this
chest
bones one two
three three bones and with the bones I'm
going to
make some bone
meal bone meal so bone
meal helps plants to grow faster watch
this if I use bone meal on the grass
like
this the Grass
Grows so in the last video I planted
some Moss up on the roof of my
enchanting
room right there that is the Moss that I
planted in the last
video and I thought that that Moss would
spread all on its
own but I think I need to use bone meal
to make the Moss
spread
so right now I'm heading over to my
enchanting room okay so I need to get up
on my roof so for now I'm going to pick
up some
dirt and I'll use the dirt to go
up dirt dirt dirt dirt dirt
dirt okay so here we are on the roof Hey
look I think this Moss did spread a
little
bit just one block but I want the Moss
to spread faster so watch this I'm going
to use the bone meal on the
Moss there we
go the Moss spread and grass
grew
awesome okay I'm going to use it again
right
here oh maybe I need to break these
torches break and break all right I
broke all of the Torches that were up
here so now I'm going to try using the
bone meal
again like this
and
again
awesome I like the look of this
roof all right let's Place some
dirt and let's go up and over to the
other side over
here oh
wow it looks like the bone meal spread
the Moss to this
side okay okay let's Place some bone
meal and
again and
again wow and let's break this torch and
place more bone
meal all
right up up I have one more bone
meal I'm going to use it right here
um like
this cool let's go down and look at the
roof
jump well it's hard to see it in the
night but I think it'll look
good for now because it's nighttime and
there are lots of monsters out like
zombies and
skeletons I'm going to go back home
[Music]
all right close the
doors and let's head to
bed and
sleep and in the morning maybe there
will be bees spinning
[Music]
around yep there he
goes okay so now that it's day and the
Sun is
up now let's look at the roof of our
enchantment
room oh
uh-oh it's a witch over
there it's a
witch witches throw poisonous potions at
you I'm going to try
killing the
witch die die uhoh
die
die I'm
poisoned I'm going to eat some
potatoes
sticks up up up up up okay as I was
saying now let's look at the roof up up
up
huh
well I think it looks
better
but it's a little bit weird that the
Moss didn't spread to the top part right
there it's just
dirt
H oh well I also did a little bit of
work on the inside of the enchantment
room I placed bookshelves in the corners
this corner this corner this corner and
this corner I placed bookshelves in all
the
corners
and I placed a lantern that's hanging
from the
ceiling to light up the
area all right now let's head over to
the nether
portal
jump okay I'm going to put
on my chest plate leggings boots and
helmet and I'm going to put away
everything that I don't need to bring
with
me open open okay let's head to the
portal the
portal so I'm bringing my diamond
pickaxe my torches my diamond sword a
spy glass some food and some blocks some
Cobblestone
blocks all right let's go through
through the portal
jump here we
go all right here we
are this is the
nether
wow there are Red Vines hanging from the
trees there are red mushrooms on the
ground
whoa die
die die
die okay the nether is a very dangerous
place it's very easy to get lost in the
nether that's why I brought these
Cobblestone blocks with
me so I can place them on the ground and
find my way back to the portal
whoa look at this
mushroom warped
fungus and what are these
mushrooms Crimson
fungus warped fungus and Crimson
fungus uh-oh uh-oh die
die die ohoh I'm running I'm
running jump
jump
uhoh
die die die
die uhoh uhoh
uhoh
die die
die
die uh-oh
no are there any
more
wow there are lots of zombie pigs around
here
ah this is nether
quartz I need to collect a lot of this
nether quartz for something that I want
to build in the
future so I'm going to continue looking
for nether quartz nether quartz
wow uh-oh run run run run
run
[Music]
whoa that goes really far
down and there's lava down
there
hello
okay so this one doesn't want to attack
me this little one's
okay let's continue
exploring okay
wow so much
lava what are
these
shroom light these blocks provide
light no no no die die die die die die
dieo oh
dear
okay it dropped pork chop and
leather
okay okay let's
continue let's go
up up up up up
uh-oh die die die and I need to eat eat
eat
eat ah there's another one right there
it's holding a golden
sword oh and more over
here there's some fire on the
ground
fire nope no
NOP he was aiming at
me where did it
go I don't
know
there it
is die die
die ooh it dropped a
crossbow
this is a
crossbow a crossbow another
quartz uh-oh
uh-oh
stay away oh no no no no
no
no no no no no
no oh wow oh wow there are lots of
enemies in the
nether
eat I'm going to eat all of my potatoes
down
here stones
okay I think I'll try going this way
this way
oh I see
you
die okay I think I'm
safe
wow more zombie
pigs but these zombie pigs look a little
bit different than the other ones that
were attacking me this kind of
zombie zombie pig is more
[Music]
friendly ah I can see some more nether
quartz right
there wow that was a lot of nether
quartz now I have 18 nether quartz
whoa ah I see more whoa a lot more
there's nether quartz up there over
there over
there and over there there's lots of
nether quartz around
me all right I'm going to pick up all of
this nether quartz nether quartz nether
quartz there's nether quartz up there
but first I'm going to put out the
fire like this and like
this okay jump jump
jump nether
quartz whoa
oh what is
this it's a huge
building nether quartz more nether
quartz this nether quartz is on fire
nether
quartz
okay I've collected a lot of nether
now I've
collected one full stack of 64 and
another stack of 60 nether
quartz that should be enough what is
this
building I want to go over there and
explore it
but I'm a little bit
afraid I think first I'm going to go
back to my house and drop
off the oops the nether quartz that I
found here in the
Nether and then I'll come back here and
explore this Fortress because I really
don't want to lose my nether
quartz okay now I'm going to follow my
stone
pillars
stone and there it is my
portal okay I'm glad that I
survived all
right
back to the real
world and it's
raining I'm going to put away the nether
quartz that I found in the
nether
this
ooh it's a
thunderstorm there's
Thunder
and
lightning okay let's go to
sleep whoa
fire I think that means that lightning
struck right there where there's
fire whoa and right there
sleep and it's
morning which means the rain has
stopped and so has the thunder and
lightning
wow look all of my potatoes and wheat
are ready to be
harvested but not right now I'm going to
pick up some more
Stone
and some more
food um some
fish okay and I'll eat some
fish and now let's go back to the Nether
and explore that
building
jump uh-oh
uh-oh
I really hope that creeper didn't
explode I'm a little bit worried about
that okay let's go back and find that
building let's
follow the Cobblestone
pillars
uhoh uhoh run run run run
okay now I'm going to build a bridge
that goes over
there out of
cobblestone this is really
dangerous oh I can see an Enderman down
there uh-oh uhoh uh-oh
[Music]
uh-oh uhoh uhoh
uhoh oh that was
close I'm going to eat a potato
and heal a little bit okay I'm going to
continue building this
bridge
oh I'm almost
there there we
go
whoa a
chest I don't see any enemies around me
right
now oh but I hear
some okay another
chest okay first I'm going to check
these then I'll go
back to that
one wa this one is a double
chest there are two chests next to each
other let's check out this
chest whoa
whoa lots of
stuff okay I'm going to break this
chest and this chest
[Applause]
and I'm going to pick it all
up what's
[Music]
this okay I guess I'll check out this
chest as
well whoa
okay and I'm going to break
it and pick everything
up
and and
finally I'll check out this chest right
here all
right what's inside this
chest
whoa golden arrows they're called
spectral
arrows okay I'm going to run back
home my bridge run run run
run wow I found so much cool
stuff
run I'm running back
home
[Music]
stone
stone my
portal
oh that was
scary
uhoh
well the creeper
exploded and destroyed my nether
portal but luckily all that I have to do
is light another fire inside the portal
so it's not too
bad okay
replace that wow I found a lot of
awesome stuff in the nether I found a
diamond
shovel I
found a banner
pattern I found a
crossbow with the curse of
Vanishing I found an enchanted iron
sword golden boots a golden helmet I
found 10 10 spectral
arrows these are a special kind of arrow
for my bow or my
crossbow I found seven Magma
Cream another smithing template I found
some blocks of
bone I
found
seven crying
obsidian and six normal
obsidian I found some
chains wow I found lots of interesting
things down there in the
Nether and I think I'm going to end this
episode right here thank you so much for
watching if you liked this video you
could click the like button or subscribe
to my channel and as always I will see
you in the next video see
[Music]
you